all right so we are going to talk about
how Google bard can actually do
marketing for you
so just a little quick backstory
Eric was talking to one of his team
members and they're going over some
optimization and conversion data and for
shits and giggles excuse my language
Eric decided that he was gonna ask
Google bard to optimize one of his Pages
for conversions and give feedback on how
it could be made better Eric you want to
tell us what googlebard came up with
yeah so I was talking to members on the
sales side and they were trying to come
up with ideas for building more
confidence with prospects as an example
I was like why don't you just go ask
Google bard and so literally I shared my
screen with them and I ran through
Google bard I was like here let's run
through one of our prospects right now
and I just put in what cro suggestion so
conversion rate optimization suggestions
would you have for singlegrain.com to
drive conversion rates up this is what
it looks like so you can see improve the
clarity of your call to action buttons
so it's actually scanning my website so
it says for example instead of using a
button that says get started you can use
a button that says sign up for a free
consultation and to pause right here
typically if you go and do a do research
on like how do I improve my conversion
rate you get a lot of generic advice
what Bard is doing is they're not just
scouring the web and coming up with
ideas based on what people have written
about and talked about it's also
analyzing the web page that Eric is
giving and then giving contextual
thoughts on marketing changes that his
team or he can make to improve their
conversions they're not the best changes
but they're kind of cool right for it to
know that this is your call to action
button like get started and you should
change it to something more custom and
related to the offering such as sign up
for your free consultation that's very
relevant and that is generally true in
which if your call to action is related
to the benefit typically it converts
better than something generic like get
started and the thing is Google bar just
came out yesterday in terms of being
released to public and it's a much
better version it's much improved and
it's going to continue to get better
over time
yeah so if you if you're stuck you can
use Bard for a lot of stuff especially
in marketing
um I started running some URLs through
it as well as we're talking here uh it's
not instant I don't know how long it
took you to get some results back Eric
about that one it takes like 30 40
seconds to a minute or two that's maybe
it's congested right now maybe more and
more people are using it because I think
as of yesterday I was literally like a
day behind oh cool
so uh but either way you know when you
look at this you're gonna get some
advice the advice isn't going to be bad
it's not going to be amazing you can't
replace a human yet and it's far from it
but it's better than nothing it's a good
starting point the other good thing
about Bard too is they're going to
they're releasing a bunch of plugins at
the same time so imagine you being able
to layer this in with your favorite
marketing tools you can for example
layer it in with the ubersuggest or
answer to public or whatever tools are
out there you're gonna get better
insights faster and you're gonna be able
to do better work and then get better
results anything else Neil nope that's
it now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much